cargo-{login,publish,package,yank,owner}: add page; cargo-logout: update page (#11337)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/cargo-yank.md

# cargo yank

> Remove a pushed crate from the index. This should only be used when you accidentally release a significantly broken crate.

> > Note: this does not remove any data. The crate is still present after a yank - this just prevents new users from downloading it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: this does not remove any data. The crate is still present after a yank - this just prevents new projects from using it.
```

Previously it sounded like only newly registered users will be unable to download the crate.
